Kafka Bridge status (#1746)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/appendix_crds.adoc

|xref:type-PodDisruptionBudgetTemplate-{context}[`PodDisruptionBudgetTemplate`]
|====

[id='type-KafkaBridgeStatus-{context}']
### `KafkaBridgeStatus` schema reference

Used in: xref:type-KafkaBridge-{context}[`KafkaBridge`]

[options="header"]
|====
|Property                   |Description
|conditions          1.2+<.<|List of status conditions.
|xref:type-Condition-{context}[`Condition`] array

> |observedGeneration  1.2+<.<|The generation of the CRD which was last reconciled by the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|observedGeneration  1.2+<.<|The generation of the CRD that was last reconciled by the operator.
```

|integer

> |httpAddress         1.2+<.<|HTTP address where the bridge is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|httpAddress         1.2+<.<|The HTTP address at which external client applications can access the Kafka Bridge.
```
